Hello World, this is Video Game Quiz app is an interactive and challenging quiz for gamers on various aspects related to video game history, characters, and game releases. The app consists of 10 multiple-choice questions like true and false on topics ranging from classic titles to modern releases. This app will not only be a source of entertainment but will also serve as a way for users to learn more about their favorite games and compete for high scores. Comprised of both easy and difficult questions, this is a quiz that any gamer can take part in to test their knowledge quickly and efficiently. This quiz app is all about reinforcing your knowledge with more information about the world of gaming.
The changes I made since Alpha, Beta, and Release 1 were that in Alpha I only had the questions and how to send the score by email. In Beta I made a welcome screen and to write your user names so that in each question the name appears and in the final screen a button to send it to the highest scores of players. In Release 1 I had a report to make about 5 adults and 5 students who had android. About that was that they would test my application on their phones and give opinion in a docs link to see their opinions. So based on that information I made some new modifications to my application, like putting an image on the true or false button so that that happy or sad image appears. Also in those comments that I got I put a background image on each question, it's not a big thing but it's something more colorful for the users who are doing it.
